samples: bluetooth: radio_coex_1wire: Add support for nRF54H20 (cpurad) and nRF54L15 (#17507)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/radio_coex_1wire/README.rst

The application generates a grant signal on the pin selected by ``coex-pta-grant-gpios``.
Connect this pin to the pin defined by the ``grant-gpios`` property in the DTS using a jumper cable.

> The following table shows the default pins used for this sample by each supported target:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the default pins used for this sample for each supported target:
```

   | Target                     | coex-pta-grant-gpios | grant-gpios |
   +============================+======================+=============+
   | nrf52840dk/nrf52840        | P0.26                | P0.02       |
   +----------------------------+----------------------+-------------+
   | nrf54l15dk/nrf54l15/cpuapp | P0.00                | P0.02       |
   +----------------------------+----------------------+-------------+
   | nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpurad | P0.00                | P0.02       |
   +----------------------------+----------------------+-------------+

The board's :ref:`/zephyr,user <dt-zephyr-user>` node must have the ``coex-pta-grant-gpios`` property set in the devicetree.
You can use this sample's board overlay as an example.

.. note:
   For the ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpurad`` target in the board's devicetree file, you must define a node with the compatible property set to ``coex-pta-grant-gpios``.
   Then set the ``coex-pta-grant-gpios`` property of that node to the desired pin.
   This is needed to properly configure the UICR register and get a pin access from the core the application is running on.

>    See the :file:`boards/nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20_cpurad.overlay` file for an example.

Reviewer 2: This should be in a Wiring section or Configuration/Setup, not Overview. https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/templates/sample_README.html#wiring

Author: Moved to `Wiring` section.

>    For the ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpurad`` target in the board's devicetree file you must define a node with the compatible property set to ``"coex-pta-grant-gpios"``.
>    Then set the ``coex-pta-grant-gpios`` property of that node to the desired pin.
>    This is needed for proper configuration of the UICR register in order to get an access to the pin from the core the application is running on.
>    See the :file:`boards/nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20_cpurad.overlay` file for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For the ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpurad`` target in the board's devicetree file, you must define a node with the compatible property set to ``coex-pta-grant-gpios``.
   Then set the ``coex-pta-grant-gpios`` property of that node to the desired pin.
   This is needed to properly configure the UICR register and get a pin access from the core the application is running on.
   See the :file:`boards/nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20_cpurad.overlay` file for an example.
```
